README.md, before:

# clearance-deprecated_password_strategies

This gem contains the three password strategies deprecated in Clearance 1.10.0:

* Clearance::PasswordStrategies::Blowfish
* Clearance::PasswordStrategies::SHA1
* Clearance::PasswordStrategies::BCryptMigrationFromSHA1

These strategies were removed from Clearance because we no longer use or
maintain them.

## Usage

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'clearance-deprecated_password_strategies'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

## Contributing

See the [CONTRIBUTING] document.
Thank you, [contributors]!

[CONTRIBUTING]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[contributors]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/templates/graphs/contributors

## License

Open source templates are Copyright (c) 2015 thoughtbot, inc. It contains free
software that may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE]
file.

[LICENSE]: /LICENSE

## About

![thoughtbot](https://thoughtbot.com/logo.png)

Templates are maintained and funded by thoughtbot, inc.
The names and logos for thoughtbot are trademarks of thoughtbot, inc.

We love open source software!
See [our other projects][community]
or [hire us][hire] to help build your product.

[community]: https://thoughtbot.com/community?utm_source=github
[hire]: https://thoughtbot.com/hire-us?utm_source=github

Commit message:

Added support for hash stretching to SHA1 strategy

README.md, after:

# clearance-deprecated_password_strategies

This gem contains the three password strategies deprecated in Clearance 1.10.0:

* Clearance::PasswordStrategies::Blowfish
* Clearance::PasswordStrategies::SHA1
* Clearance::PasswordStrategies::BCryptMigrationFromSHA1

These strategies were removed from Clearance because we no longer use or
maintain them.

## Integritive Overrides

This gem was forked to add support for sites that utilized SHA1 "salting and
stretching" to improve password security. The SHA1 password strategy has new
methods for handling these types of logins.

## Usage

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'clearance-deprecated_password_strategies'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

## Contributing

See the [CONTRIBUTING] document.
Thank you, [contributors]!

[CONTRIBUTING]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[contributors]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/templates/graphs/contributors

## License

Open source templates are Copyright (c) 2015 thoughtbot, inc. It contains free
software that may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE]
file.

[LICENSE]: /LICENSE

## About

![thoughtbot](https://thoughtbot.com/logo.png)

Templates are maintained and funded by thoughtbot, inc.
The names and logos for thoughtbot are trademarks of thoughtbot, inc.

We love open source software!
See [our other projects][community]
or [hire us][hire] to help build your product.

[community]: https://thoughtbot.com/community?utm_source=github
[hire]: https://thoughtbot.com/hire-us?utm_source=github
